---
title: Intro
---

Back then, at the beginning of the 21st century, the prevailing view was that the creators of comic series and video games were either under the influence of legendary psychotropic drugs or simply came from another world. Who else would come up with the idea of producing an animated film about talking cars that not only devoured millions of dollars, but also drew them from the wallets of its users? Who else would come up with the idea of a frozen pizza made entirely of chocolate?

These were two excesses of reality that led to one fact; a fact so obvious that it never reached the center of general attention. The fact was that people had one on the jam.

This only marginally interested the inhabitants of the flying house, the supporting element of this story and its inhabitants, and was only brought up - if at all - at those moments on the veranda where they sat in threes or fours or fives or all alone, dangling their legs in the lower stratosphere, drinking tea and only occasionally seeing each other when their view was not shrouded in clouds.

How it came to be that these five residents in an apartment building sailed across the world was just one of the many consequences of that very social marmalade, and should you be wondering how many chocolate pizzas I had to eat in order to come up with the idea of a flying a flying house, then my response will be: I gave up counting.

A little side note: Logic - if you believe philosophy - is just an invention of human inadequacy that wanted nothing to do with this story. I even said please.

All right then. Then let's construct our own logic, which is this:

`House -> flies`

Which brings us back to the core of this story, because the house that was involuntarily elevated to a leading role in the narrative comes from Hutmachergasse 27. It has several bathrooms, balconies and a veranda. It is also very old.

We will learn more about Hutmachergasse 27 and its residents in the following pages, so for the sake of pragmatism I will continue with the story. It begins like any other: It starts with a spaz.
