Hutmachergasse 27 was scratching at the clouds. Back in the spheres where there was sufficient air, the sun shone through the living room window onto the astronaut's temples. In the meantime, he was being moved to the couch and the fantastic five were gathering around him.
"And now?" asked Gantt.
"I'll sit on his face," said Kokolores.
"Ugh."
"Queen just gave him to you like that?"
Gulli nodded.
"Totally illogical. We worked our asses off to get him and now we get him for free. Something's not right here."
Gulli shook his head.
"Tell me."
Gulli shrugged his shoulders.
"And now?" asked Kokolores.
"Yes, exactly!" said Spasti. "What do we do now?"
"Photographer, go and eat something," said Gantt. "You look like a frame."
"Sorry," said Photographer and adjusted himself in one of the numerous bathrooms.
"I'm going to play games," said Spasti. He retreated to the gaming room.
Gulli returned to his room and left Gantt and Kokolores, together with the astronaut, in the living room.
"I think I need a round of peace now," said Kokolores. "A round of chilling. Wake me up in three hours or so. I have another thing going on, I'll tell you about it when I'm fit again. Haunse!" And she was gone.
Gantt first examined the astronaut, then the photo in his hands. He examined the astronaut again. Then the photo in his hands. A third look at the astronaut. A third look at the photo.
Something shattered deep inside him and a feeling of emptiness spread that stole the sparkle from any joy in life. He put the picture in his pocket and trotted to the porch. There he stood on the bottom step, with the tips of his sneakers poking over the edge and nothing but ten kilometers of air between his soles and the ground. He scrambled down and his only contact with 27 Hatters Lane now was that he was clinging to the step with both hands. His body was dangling in the air.
He did a cliffhanger.