---
title: "Tea"
permalink: /tea.html
layout: post
---

"I hate tea!" said Spasti69, "What's the point of tea when I can have fire, baby!" To emphasize his point, he unloaded an odor of fire over the railing of the veranda. A majestic sight when you took in the view, this green landscape dotted with villages passing below the basement of the house. Slowly, very slowly.

To clear up any questions: Spasti was a monster in a man's body. This is to be understood as a consequence of his baller game, which in most cases - including his - goes hand in hand with kidney-destroying caffeine consumption. Spasti poured so much energy drink down his throat that the brand name of the drink took on an overdose of reality through a chain of coincidence. And so Spasti69 - originally Karsten Memmemann - became a monster.

But Spasti did not regard his augmented reality as a curse. On the contrary, his existence as a humanoid brand made him more quick-witted, more robust and more focused. A blessing that was only diminished by the fact that Spasti could no longer play the piano so well because his hands were constantly shaking.
This had nothing to do with his ability to breathe fire. At this stage, the only thing to note is that Spasti had an aversion to anything caffeine-free. Answers follow.

As his fiery breath hit the railing in the headwind, the heat came into contact with Gantt's eyebrows.

"Boy, you burned my eyebrows!" Gantt snapped.

"Kiss my pimply ass, you little Frenchman!" Spasti replied.

Gantt was not a diagram. Gantt was fascinated. Fascinated by the view of the world beneath his sneakers. Fascinated by the euphoria of his fellow traveler and his perseverance and his ability to always look ahead, forward into the future, which lured with its myriad of promises and dreams and reminded the gay Turkish Jew named Gantt not only of the transience of his fat mother, but also of the fact that he was being bullied by the creator of this story.

And because he no longer had eyebrows, he threw himself at Spasti. He dragged him onto the wooden floorboards of the veranda and beat him. Spasti shouted: "Uuaagh! Warrrrrrrrrrhghg!" while he pressed his hands and feet against Gantt. They struggled.

The noise could be heard up into the chimney, where Kokolores was sitting and staring into the distance. She leaned over the parapet and watched Gantt and Spasti as they tussled. First and foremost, she kept an eye on Spasti. She put her chin in her hand and lost herself in the cinema in her head.

She loved Spasti. She hated Spasti. Why did this monster boy have to be so off the rails? Why did he have to be so fucking cute? Was it in his attitude and in his motives, in his wars that forced him to get up every day, that clamped his progress into their own determination, to separate love from truth, just as the yogurt lid separates the yogurt from the user, yes, was the philosophy of his entire being just a profound hatred of tea?

Kokolores sighed. One day she will channel Spasti's fire into her soul. One day she will become a monster woman. But first she had to free the sweet prince from Queen Culmingham Queen's satellite.

"Boys!" she called down from above. "Pull yourselves together. You're making the house rock."

Her words went unheeded. Many of her words went unheeded, which was possibly due to her delicate features, but also possibly due to the stubbornness of her two boys, especially that Gantt, that son of a bitch, I hate him.

Kokolores tightened her overalls and held her index finger in the air. The wind was blowing from the west, and Photographer was sitting on the roof two meters east of her.
"Hey, that's good!" said Photographer. "Stay like that."

Kokolores froze in facial expressions and gestures. The photographer captured the moment, captured Kokolores' mischievous smile and her seafaring raised finger, and in the background stretched the perfect beauty of earthly infinity. Kokolores had hair as white as clouds, and she was simply gorgeous.

She slid down to the veranda on a rope, just like Captain Jack Sparrow always did on ships, who radiated a huge amount of sovereignty, and Kokolores was also downsliding with significant sovereignty. Her flip-flops hit the veranda wood and kicked Gantt and Spasti until the two came to their senses.

"Stop with the childish crap!" barked Kokolores. "First we'll look for the astronaut. He's totally hot." She stared toward the horizon, her sidecut blowing in the wind, and the brawl died down in the moment's weight of meaning.

"I don't like the gaystronaut," said Gantt. Kokolores fired a palm strike into his kidney. Gantt fell to the ground and curled up like an embryo. Completely silly.

"He's not gay!" said Kokolores.

"Yes, man, totally."

Spasmo, Gantt, Kokolores, photographer... They couldn't deny it. They had missions to complete, a cute (possibly gay) astronaut to rescue, they had an odyssey to go on, from the last step of their porch to sunset and beyond, she had a journey ahead of her, down into the deepest thicket of friendship & love.

It was serious.

Kokolores looked up into the blackness of space, she saw the moon at one end of the horizon and the sun at the other. A cool breeze tugged at the tips of our brave friends' noses and they knew that their odyssey could only continue when they, the gorgeous Kokolores and the sweet astronaut, were sitting hand in hand, mouth to mouth at the living room table.

To do this, they had to ascend into geostationary orbit, twenty kilometers above their heads.

They weren't high enough yet.