Zoom-out. The view goes from the Oval Office into space, where the Earth hung like a panoramic poster on the walls of Hutmachergasse 27, with a view from Washington D.C. to Mount Rushmore further up, shrouded in endless darkness.
And across from that? It was the view of an apartment building whose residents were beginning to worry about returning to Earth. It should be mentioned that operating a hot water boiler at 270 degrees below zero is a complicated undertaking, and in the face of this fact our fantastic five tended to neglect personal hygiene. Recall the photographer's cheesy feet here.
"Eyo!" shouted Spasti. "Another 5,000 kilometers and we'll be out of orbit."
"So what?" asked Kokolores.
"Then we won't be able to come back."
"Seriously?" said Kokolores. "We won't be able to do that."
"But Queen won't be able to do it either. Once it's out of orbit, it won't come back either." "Then it'll turn right away." "Hopefully. It wasn't that easy to steal the astronaut after all, was it?" "Shut up, we'll still get him." "I'm not taking part in the deathmatch anymore." "Oh yes!" "Screw it! I'm not throwing myself into the crossfire just because I'm not sexy enough for you." "That's so typical." "You want the astronaut, but you already have four astronauts in this house." "You're all complete idiots." "Watch what you say!" Photographer collapsed into the basement with a cocktail in his third leg. "Here, honey," he said to Kokolores. "A zombie with less cranberry, but more energy, just like you wanted." "Finally," said Kokolores. "Now get out of here." "Hey, what are you talking about! If you don't want to drink it, I'll take it." Photographer turned around and started to leave the basement.
"Wait!" Kokolores called. "Give me the drink."
"Kiss me!"
"I'll burn the shit out of your ass!"
Gantt jumped down the basement stairs and almost collided with Photographer, who was running up the stairs toward the bathroom, leaving a trail of flames and molten aluminum behind him.
An expression of surprise was written on Gantt's face as he continued in the direction Photographer came from, through the thicket of the basement hallway to the room beyond the mouth, with overhead lighting and sunlight projected from the constellations of the solar system.
"It's all bullshit," Gantt interrupted the exchange between Spasti and Kokolores.
"Shut up," said Spasti.
"Why is Photographer burning anyway?"
"Because he's a wanker. I'll throw him out the window if he tries to sabotage anything again."

"What kind of sabotage?"

Spasti turned to Gantt and explained: "Kokolores is on her period."

"Not at all, you're totally out of your mind!"

"Relax. She's acting like a scumbag. Let's lock her in the broom closet and then we'll chill on Mars or something."

"Do you really think so?"

"Until we die. One way ride."

"Boy, I'm in."

Photographer returned to the group, now relieved of the burning butt. "Does anyone have any Vaseline?"

"Photographer!" said Kokolores. "The two of them are starting a mutiny."

"No. Vaseline. I need Vaseline."