---
title: Free Fall
---


We begin with a dialogue that extrapolates the dialogue between Gantt and the photographer presented at the beginning into an interesting field of tension. 

Let's skip the derivation and get straight to the point:

"ARE YOU KIDDING!"

"WHAT'S EATING?"

"DID YOU TURN ON THE JACKETS?"

"YEEESSSSSSSSSSS!"

"YOU ASSHOLE!"

Those who experienced 3G acceleration first hand reported that they were unable to comprehend their own thoughts because their brains — including their contents — remained on the ground. Anyone who exposes themselves to a volume of 200 decibels will never be able to expose themselves to a volume of noise again because this requires an intact eardrum. And anyone who survives a sixty-second vertical journey at around 49,000 km/h is an astronaut; provided they return with their psyche and physique intact.

Absolutely hard-line. These were things that Gantt completely lost sight of, simply because he was too busy keeping his eyes on himself. He felt his intestines pushing out of his orifices. He could no longer stand on his feet and allowed himself to be pushed to the ground by the acceleration. Once there, he kicked himself into one of the space suits. Fortunately, he kept his organs with him.

Kokolores was washed out of the machinist room by a wave of screws. There was a clatter and a clink as she pulled herself up from the pile of metal - an ambitious undertaking given the forces pressing down on her from above - and stormed into the basement to prepare for the confrontation with Queen.

Photographer locked his joints together. This may be due to the fact that strategic parts of his face - if there was a face - were caught between gravity and acceleration, but it may also be due to the fact that at that very moment, as he was mounting himself to the washing machines, a photograph was stuck to his forehead. It showed Gantt, and a lot of him. Photographer was recapping his existence as a photographer.

In the midst of this commotion, one of the Fantastic Five remained calm. Gulli opened his door. His hand reached for the spacesuit that was still hanging on the outside of his room from the last flight into orbit. Gulli closed his door.

After sixty seconds, the house was quiet. Gantt opened his eyes - they were still in his eye sockets despite the circumstances - and realized that he could not feel the ground beneath his feet. He was floating through the laundry room. Photographer was also gliding through the room, his eyes closed. It was weightlessness.